coming at you today with my final
thoughts on his hair that I received
from imani girl here on YouTube and her
company it's called Molly among please
check out her website if you want more
information on his hair this is actually
the Persian fantasy hair I have been
wearing it for a month it's been a month
now I put this hair in the last week of
april and it is now the last week ma so
I wanted to give you guys my final
thoughts on his hairs you can see I am
rocking it in a ponytail and it's been a
little warm so it's just easier to just
put it up and it looks really cute this
way the hair has been doing great I have
ruined it straight I have went in its
natural state which is how I prefer to
wear it I'm not because the straight way
is uh doesn't look where looks awesome
actually but I just really like the wave
and curl pattern in his hair and it's
just I know a lot of people think curly
hair is a lot of maintenance but for me
it it it isn't I mean I just wet it in
the shower and actually all I've been
doing with the hair in its natural state
is I've been wetting it in the shower
with any of your wet in the shower and I
will take my conditioner not leave in
conditioner just a regular conditioner
like you do with a co-wash put that on
her hair and go okay and just let it
just let it do what it do and actually
it's been doing really really well just
using just conditioner I just been using
the one and only argan oil products I
use the shampoo and the conditioner on
my hair anyway I've just been using the
conditional on this hair as a way to
help refine the curl a little bit more
and help that curl pop a little bit so
if he were more like defined curl I was
you know I just been putting conditional
I was putting now I had been using the
wet and wavy this and this works really
good too but one day I was just like you
know I wanted to just rinse off the
stuff instead of washing it with shampoo
because I wasn't go back to manage Drake
so I just decided that day I'm just
gonna use conditioner because it's
easier just to rinse it out and then go
straight into you know either blow
drying and then an air dry and
straightening it out and win it you know
curl with the hot girls but didn't feel
like doing it cuz it looks so cute when
a dryad I was like I don't know I think
I'm only something so that's what i've
been doing guys the hair like i said
it's been doing awesome i haven't had a
lot of shedding and there was some
shedding with the hair i did not steal
my wife's um she did send me some web
seller but i did not use it as i doing
all my reviews I don't steal my West
because I want to see how much shedding
you would get if you don't sell your
weft because a lot of us don't have time
for that but honestly if you are paying
for hair I think that you should be
stealing your West but I didn't steal it
because I just wanted to see how much
shedding i would get without selling it
and i must say the shedding has not been
bad at all i did get some him when
I'm like detangling the hair which I
stopped in the bottom and work my way up
but it hasn't been like matted or
horrible tangling anything like that no
it's just curly hair and curly hair
intertwines within himself as we all
know so after I wash it and put
conditioner on it I would take my vent
brush and stopping the bar my work my
way up to the top and just detangle it
and kind of scrunch my curls and it
looks great not a lot of shedding from
that process I mean I would say I should
have saved the hair not a lot I mean
probably about eight strands that's not
alive and I don't comb his hair every
day okay I don't I just let it do what
it do and I work with it once I finger
call me after I wet it a spritz it and
add maybe a little bit of conditioner
I'm done I don't do all that common with
curling hair I just don't like to do
that because curly hair as i said
intertwined within yourself and you're
gonna get some shedding if you try to
constantly keep you know tugging at it
but anyway the hairs been doing great
went over shedding shedding is been very
minimal detangling very minimal tangling
to hardly any once again this is wavy
curly hair so you know the hair does
intertwined with myself with no tangling
um you guys know it holds the curl and
its nap in this straight state you've
seen me wear straight it does awesome
straight actually it's very bouncy when
you're straight now there have been
questions asked as to like what texture
the hair is well when I straighten it
out I wouldn't say it's not silky it's
not a silky texture but I wouldn't say
that it was course either it's you know
it's it's full on the density of the
hair it's a nice density so it gives you
a nice full look but it doesn't look
silky and it doesn't look course so
somewhere in between is like a medium
texture hair it just looks very very
natural it doesn't have a hat luster
when I first got the hair it did have
you know a nice medium luster to it but
once I straightened it out and washed it
and condition and once I straighten it
out it had more of a low luster which
may made it look even more natural to me
so the hair does awesome is very bouncy
when its will on and it's you know when
it's going straight and curl so that's a
major plus I want to go back to wearing
it that way but i got lazy okay so back
to what i was saying once again this is
the hair from a money girl here on
youtube this is a persian fantasy what i
have installed currently i have a
24-inch a 22 inch part of a 20 and i
have her 18 inch closure what I was sent
for review what I was sent was two
bundles of 24 one bundle of 22 a bundle
of 20 and an 18 inch lace closure now I
know I told you guys that I had messed
up my closure and I showed you the
mistakes that I made on my closure well
I got bleach on a half all I did was
just colored the hair black I mean I
just call it the part that was bleached
and it's doing good actually having
closure on now so I've been rocking
closure for the last two weeks not two
weeks so the has been doing awesome um I
have nothing negative to say about the
hair i think the hair is is doing great
i actually have had the hair in four
months i've reinstalled a couple of
times i don't want to take it down but i
have to take it down cuz it's happy to
do another review because i got some
other hand need to review
but I really like the task it's been
easy for me I mean I like waiting for
only half so it's been it's been very to
me I think it's low maintenance I mean
some people think curl your hair is
higher maintenance and I do think the
curlier the hair or the title decor yes
but this has been it's been great so
guys once again this is the Persian
fantasy from imani girl here on YouTube
her website is Marley I'm own comp
please check out her website she had
some great red hair she has information
she also has an online store where she
sells products to care for your natural
hair and I actually have some of her
products and I've been using them now
for a few months and then I really
really love miss happy towards the most
stuff too but anyway check out her
website she has some great products some
great information and some great hair so
I will see you guys on the next one over
around is doing well and take care bye
bye